                                                                                                  Character Design Sheet
 
 Basic Role within the Narrative
  Ryley will be the main character that the player will control in the narrative. In an attempt to prove to his mates how brave
  he is, he enters the haunted mansion on a dare to spend a night within the confined spaces of its walls. Upon finding that he
  now is a victim to the curse, Ryley must find a way to get out of the mansion with his life before the sun rises.
  
 Basic Characteristics
  Name: Ryley
  Age: 10 - 14
  Gender: Male
  Ethnicity: English
  Status: Single
  
 Profession
  Ryley is currently a student within the secondary school system.
  
 Personal Backstory
  After hearing the stories of the supposedly haunted mansion within his neighorhood that have been passed down from past 
  generations, Ryley accepts the dare of spending the night within the halls of the mansion, to prove to his friends his courage.
  Armed with only his basic needs - a sleeping bag, pillow, food rations, thermos of hot chocolate, a handheld gaming system,
  a flash light and a change of clothes, Ryley enters the mansion for what he belives will nothing more than a basic sleepover with
  a more creepy atmosphere thrown in.
  
 Goals
  The main goal is for Ryley to prove to his group of his friends that he has the courage to remain in the locally famed haunted mansion
  overnight. Yet, this changes within the gameplayer when Ryley discovers that he must first survive within the haunted hallways from 
  monsters such as ghosts, etc and eventually able to escape from the mansion prior to sunrise.
  
 Activities
  Hobbies: Video Games, Hanging with His Mates, Sports
  Preferences
    Food: Fish and Chips, Crisps, Pasta, Any Junk Food
    Drink: Sport Drinks, Fizzy Drinks
    Music: Lady Gaga, Linkin Park, Nickelback, Green Day, Ozzy, Eurythmics, Black Sabbath, etc
    
  Traits
  
  Sexuality
    Due to Ryley being a tween, this won't play a huge part within the narrative role.
    
  Predominant Emotional States
  
  Fears and Stress Responses
    Fear Responses
    
    Stress Responses
    
  Relations to other characters within the Narrative
    The only relations that Ryley will have to any of the characters within the narrative would be at the start of the game where his
    relations will be his friends. After the start of the game, there will be no other relations between Ryley and other characters.
    
  Physical Description
    
  
  Mood Board
  
  Past Facts and Achievements
  
  Concept Drawing and Sketching of the Character
  
  Preferred Clothing
    Like most kids his age, Ryley loves to wear the basics such as a pair of blue jeans, a hoodie pulled over his favorite, old t-shirt
    and a pair of trainers. 
    
  References/Appendix
  
  
